{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f5\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
\f6\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-ItalicMT;\f7\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red28\green41\blue51;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red188\green201\blue214;\red9\green79\blue209;\red247\green249\blue249;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\cname textColor;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c14510\c21176\c25882;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c78431\c82745\c87059;\cssrgb\c0\c40784\c85490;\cssrgb\c97647\c98039\c98039;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 From: WordPress.org Plugin Directory <plugins@wordpress.org>\
Subject: [WordPress Plugin Directory] Review in Progress: Poker Tournament Import\
Date: 26 October 2025 at 17:13:07 GMT+1\
To: HansHard <hans.hard@gmail.com>\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs36 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u55357 \u56395  hanshard - let\'92s improve your plugin!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
Thank you for submitting your plugin, "Poker Tournament Import". \
\
Before your plugin reaches a human reviewer, our automated tools \'97 which help the team handle around 
\f2\b 1,000 plugin reviews per week
\f1\b0  \'97 have flagged a few potential issues that you may need to address. To avoid delays and help streamline the manual review process, we\'92ve 
\f2\b pended
\f1\b0  your submission to give you a chance to review and fix these common issues. \
\
\uc0\u55358 \u56598  
\f3\i This is an automated message generated using a combination of algorithms and AI. It hasn\'92t necessarily been reviewed by a human. Its purpose is to help you resolve potential common issues early, before manual review begins. All AI outputs are marked with the emoji \uc0\u10024  and it's quite accurate.
\f1\i0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs28 \cf3 Who are we?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
We are a group of volunteers who 
\f2\b help you identify common issues
\f1\b0  so that 
\f2\b you can make your plugin more secure, compatible, reliable and compliant
\f1\b0  with the guidelines. \
\
For consistency and better communication, your plugin review will be assigned to a single volunteer who will assist you throughout the entire review. However, response times may vary depending on how much time the volunteer is able to contribute to the team and if whether they need to consult something with the rest of the team. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs28 \cf3 The review process\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth3000\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth10780\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4  \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Please 
\f5\b read this email in full and check each issue
\f4\b0 , as well as the links to the documentation and the provided examples. Also, search for any other similar occurrences of the same issue that are not explicitly mentioned in the email.\
Make sure you understand the issues so that you can incorporate them into your existing skillset.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth3000\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth10780\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf4  \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 If you decide to continue with the review process, 
\f5\b you must fix any issues, test your plugin, upload a corrected version
\f4\b0  and then reply to this email.\
In case of any doubt, please fix everything else and ask your questions alongside the update.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth3000\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth10780\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf4  \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Your plugin is 
\f5\b manually checked by a volunteer
\f4\b0  who sends you the remaining identified issues in the plugin.\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b \cf4 We will be devoting our time to reviewing your plugin
\f4\b0 , we ask that you honor this by following the instructions.\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f6\i \cf4 Note: Volunteers are not your QA team. They are here to help you identify and understand issues so that you can improve and maintain your plugin in the future. Fixing the issues is your responsibility
\f4\i0 .\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth3000\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth10780\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf4  \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 If there are no further issues, the plugin will be approved \uc0\u55356 \u57225 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth3000\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth10780\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0
\cf4  \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\b \cf4 Be brief and direct in your reply
\f4\b0  (please, avoid copy-pasting bloated AI responses, our AI is quite brief), be patient and make sure you have 
\f5\b addressed all the issues and tested your plugin before responding
\f4\b0 .\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f6\i \cf4 It is disheartening to receive an updated plugin only to find that only a few issues have been resolved, or that it causes a fatal error upon activation
\f4\i0 .\
\
When not making adequate progress in your review, 
\f5\b it will be delayed and eventually rejected
\f4\b0 , for the sake of volunteers devoting their time and other plugin authors who correctly follow the review process.\
\
Each volunteer can review up to 300 plugins per week, and they love to have life besides reviewing plugins, so please make things easier for us.\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs28 \cf3 Understanding the Review Queue\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
When you reply, your plugin enters the review queue again. Fewer review cycles mean quicker approval, while multiple reviews can extend the process to weeks or months. \
Tip: Carefully fix all issues and test your plugin before resubmitting to speed up approval. \
\
This process is designed to help you improve your plugin while making the review experience faster and more efficient for everyone. \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs36 \cf3 Are you the rightful owner of this plugin?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
We know this might seem like an odd question \'97 especially coming from an algorithm \'97 but bear with us; it\'92ll all make sense soon. \
\
Here's how it works: If your plugin uses a name or URL associated with a specific entity, we need to confirm that you actually represent that entity. It's that simple. \
\
So, how do we verify your identity? In most cases, we rely on the domain in your email address. \
\
This situation usually comes up if you're using a personal account to submit a plugin meant to represent a company or if you\'92re a third party attempting to upload a plugin on someone else\'92s behalf (please don\'92t do that). \
\
This is what we know 
\f2\b about this plugin
\f1\b0 : \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Plugin name: 
\f2\b "Poker Tournament Import"
\f1\b0  in the 
\f7 readme.txt
\f1  file\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Plugin name: 
\f2\b "Poker Tournament Import"
\f1\b0  in the 
\f7 poker-tournament-import.php
\f1  file\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Slug: poker-tournament-import\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Author: Hans K\'e4stel H\'e5rd\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Author URI: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://nikielhard.se/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 https://nikielhard.se}}\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Plugin URI: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://nikielhard.se/tdwpimport"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 https://nikielhard.se/tdwpimport}}\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Contributors:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 hkHard\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
This is what we know 
\f2\b about you
\f1\b0 : \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Username: 
\f2\b hanshard
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u9888 \u65039  Your username does not match any of the contributors declared in the plugin.\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Email: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:hans.hard@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 hans.hard@gmail.com}}\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u9888 \u65039  Your email domain "gmail.com" does not seem to be related to any of the URLs, names, trademarks and/or or services declared in the plugin.\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u9702 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u9888 \u65039  A gmail.com account cannot be used as a valid form of identification towards clarifying ownership, even if it contains your or your company's name. Anyone can create any gmail.com account that is not already in use. You could be you, but you could also be anyone else.\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
Please note that we carry out these checks to protect people like you. If someone else submitted a plugin under your name or your company's name, you would rightly be upset if we failed to confirm ownership in a demonstrably reliable way.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs28 \cf3 \uc0\u9745 \u65039  You can demonstrate or clarify ownership in one of the following ways:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u55357 \u56553  
\f2\b Update your WordPress.org email address
\f1\b0  to one under the domain of the entity associated with the plugin. You can change it in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://profiles.wordpress.org/hanshard/profile/edit/group/3/?screen=home"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 Your WordPress.org profile}}, we cannot change it for you. \uc0\u8232 
\f3\i Note: We will continue the review in this email thread. Any new emails will be sent to the new email account.
\f1\i0 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u55357 \u56420  
\f2\b Create an official WordPress.org account
\f1\b0  using an email address under the entity\'92s domain, then reply to this email with the new account name so the team can transfer ownership. \uc0\u8232 
\f3\i Note: Once the plugin has been approved, you can ask the owner to add you as a committer in the "Advanced" section of the plugin, so that you can commit code using the other account.
\f1\i0 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 \uc0\u55357 \u57056  
\f2\b Change the plugin\'92s display name and slug
\f1\b0  to make it clear that the plugin is not officially affiliated with any other entity. Upload an updated version of your plugin and change the slug via the "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://wordpress.org/plugins/developers/add/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 Add your plugin}}" page. \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Reply to this email clarifying the situation, we know that sometimes you might be using an email account that belongs to the same entity or an entity that owns the other entity. Also, if you already have established plugins in the directory under the same account we can use that as tacit verification.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
Remember that, if you own other plugins, all the plugins belonging to the same entity should be under the same WordPress.org account. \
\
\uc0\u9888 \u65039  Please do not resubmit this plugin using a different account. Both submissions will be rejected if you do so, and your accounts may be suspended until the situation is resolved. Instead, ask us to change the owner \'97 we can certainly do that. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs36 \cf3 Have you checked for common technical issues?\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
Please ensure that your plugin adheres to best practices, including the following: \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs28 \cf3 \uc0\u55357 \u56628  Proper sanitization of inputs\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf3 \uc0\u8505 \u65039  Why it matters
\f1\b0 : Sanitizing inputs is crucial for protecting against security vulnerabilities like SQL injection, handling invalid data, and ensuring that only safe, expected data is processed. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf3 Please {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.wordpress.org/apis/security/sanitizing/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 check the official WordPress docs on sanitizing}} for details \'97 this is a quick summary.
\f1\i0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf3 \uc0\u55357 \u56589  Identify unsanitized inputs
\f1\b0 : Check any input coming from sources such as: 
\f7 $_GET
\f1  , 
\f7 $_POST
\f1  , 
\f7 $_REQUEST
\f1  , 
\f7 $_COOKIE
\f1  , 
\f7 $_SERVER
\f1  , 
\f7 $_SESSION
\f1  \
If these inputs aren\'92t sanitized first, that\'92s a potential risk! \uc0\u55357 \u56693 \u65039  \
\

\f2\b \uc0\u55357 \u57056  Fix it
\f1\b0 : Always wrap any input with the right sanitization function, like: \

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat8 \clwWidth1151\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat8 \clwWidth3540\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f5\b\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 Content\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Function\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth1151\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth3540\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b0 \cf4 Plain text\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7 \cf4 sanitize_text_field()
\f4  \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth1151\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth3540\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Email\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7 \cf4 sanitize_email()
\f4  \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth1151\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth3540\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 URL\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7 \cf4 esc_url_raw()
\f4  \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth1151\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth3540\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Key\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7 \cf4 sanitize_key()
\f4  \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth1151\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth3540\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Integer\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7 \cf4 absint()
\f4  \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf3 Refer to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.wordpress.org/apis/security/sanitizing/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 official WordPress documentation}} for a complete list of sanitization functions.
\f1\i0 \
\uc0\u55357 \u56393  Use the most restrictive function that fits the expected content.\
\uc0\u55357 \u56393  Sanitize as early as possible \'97 ideally as soon as the data is received.\
\uc0\u55357 \u56393  Only trust what you\'92ve cleaned yourself. \
\
Example:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7 \cf3 $post_id = (int) $_GET['post_id']; // Sanitized as an integer\
$email = sanitize_email( $_GET['email'] ); // Sanitized as an email\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 Your data is now 
\f2\b sanitized
\f1\b0 ! \uc0\u55358 \u56828 \u55356 \u57167  \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf3 Note
\f1\b0 : 
\f2\b $_SERVER, $_COOKIE and $_SESSION inputs must be sanitized as well
\f1\b0 . \
\
Although this might be counterintuitive, some or all of its included data 
\f2\b can be manipulated by the sender of the request
\f1\b0 . So it needs to be sanitized just like any other input. \
\
Example(s) from your plugin: \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7 \cf3 includes/class-debug.php:36 self::log('Server Info: ' . (isset($_SERVER['SERVER_SOFTWARE']) ? $_SERVER['SERVER_SOFTWARE'] : 'Unknown'));\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf3 Note
\f1\b0 : When checking a nonce using 
\f7 wp_verify_nonce
\f1  you will need to sanitize the input using 
\f7 wp_unslash
\f1  AND 
\f7 sanitize_text_field
\f1  , {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.wordpress.org/news/2023/08/understand-and-use-wordpress-nonces-properly/#verifying-the-nonce"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 this is because this function is pluggable, and extenders should not trust its input values}}. \
\
Example:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7 \cf3 if ( ! isset( $_POST['poketoim_nonce'] ) || ! wp_verify_nonce( sanitize_text_field( wp_unslash ( $_POST['poketoim_nonce'] ) ) , 'poketoim_nonce' ) )\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \
Example(s) from your plugin: \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7 \cf3 admin/class-data-mart-cleaner.php:78 if (!wp_verify_nonce($_POST['_wpnonce'], 'poker_data_mart_cleaner')) \{\
admin/class-admin.php:4541 !wp_verify_nonce($_POST['poker_formula_meta_box_nonce'], 'poker_save_formula_meta_box')) \{\
admin/class-data-mart-cleaner.php:1363 if (!wp_verify_nonce($_POST['nonce'], 'poker_data_mart_cleaner')) \{\
admin/class-data-mart-cleaner.php:1261 if (!wp_verify_nonce($_POST['nonce'], 'poker_data_mart_cleaner')) \{\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 ... out of a total of 5 incidences.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf3 Note
\f1\b0 : While the json_decode() function in PHP is useful for decoding JSON strings, it does not sanitize the input. Sanitization refers to the process of cleaning or filtering the input data to ensure that it is safe and secure to use. \
\
The json_decode() function simply transforms a JSON string into a PHP array or object. Any potentially malicious data or scripts may persist after json_decode(). \
Example(s) from your plugin: \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7 \cf3 admin/class-admin.php:1548 $tournament_data = json_decode(stripslashes($_POST['tournament_data']), true);\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \
\
\uc0\u10004 \u65039  You can check this using {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://wordpress.org/plugins/plugin-check/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 Plugin Check}}.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs28 \cf3 \uc0\u55357 \u56628  Nonces and User Permissions Before Processing Requests\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf3 \uc0\u8505 \u65039  Why it matters
\f1\b0 : Nonces and permissions checks ensure that the request comes from a trusted source, protecting against security threats like CSRF (Cross-Site Request Forgery) attacks. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf3 Please {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.wordpress.org/apis/security/nonces/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 check the official WordPress docs on nonces}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.wordpress.org/news/2023/08/understand-and-use-wordpress-nonces-properly/#when-to-use-nonces"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 this article}} for details \'97 this is a quick summary.
\f1\i0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf3 \uc0\u55357 \u56589  Spot it
\f1\b0 : Look for functions that interact with 
\f7 $_GET
\f1  , 
\f7 $_POST
\f1  , 
\f7 $_REQUEST
\f1  and perform actions triggered by the user/browser that modify data or perform sensitive actions (e.g., privileged actions or data manipulation). For such actions, you should always check for a nonce. \
Additionally, verify user permissions if the action is restricted to certain roles (e.g., admin, editor). \
When in doubt, play it safe: always check. \
\

\f2\b \uc0\u55357 \u57056  Fix it
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Create a nonce ( 
\f7 wp_nonce_field()
\f1  , 
\f7 wp_nonce_url()
\f1  , 
\f7 wp_create_nonce()
\f1  ). If you need to pass the nonce to JavaScript you can make use of 
\f7 wp_localize_script()
\f1  \uc0\u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Pass it with the request.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Check the nonce ( 
\f7 check_admin_referer()
\f1  , 
\f7 check_ajax_referer()
\f1  , 
\f7 wp_verify_nonce()
\f1  ) , and permissions if applicable ( 
\f7 current_user_can()
\f1  ) .\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
Example (nonce check):\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7 \cf3 function poketoim_save_email()\{\
    if ( !isset( $_POST['poketoim_nonce'] ) || !wp_verify_nonce( sanitize_text_field( wp_unslash( $_POST['poketoim_nonce'] ) ), 'poketoim_save_email_action' ) ) \{\
        wp_send_json_error( 'Invalid nonce.' );\
    \}\
\
    if ( !current_user_can( 'edit_posts' ) ) \{\
        wp_send_json_error( 'Insufficient permissions.' );\
    \}\
\
    if ( isset( $_POST['post_id'] ) && isset( $_POST['price'] ) ) \{\
        update_post_meta( absint( $_POST['post_id'] ), 'price', floatval( $_POST['price'] ) );\
    \}\
\}\
add_action( 'wp_ajax_poketoim_save_email', 'poketoim_save_email' );\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 \uc0\u9888 \u65039  Without nonce and permissions checks, anyone could call this AJAX endpoint and change the price data for any post - risky! \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs28 \cf3 \uc0\u55357 \u56628  Use Prefixes for declarations, globals and stored data\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf3 \uc0\u8505 \u65039  Why it matters
\f1\b0 : Prefixing avoid naming collisions with other themes, plugins, or WordPress core functions. \
A prefix is a string placed in front of a name to avoid collisions. 
\f2\b It must be at least 4 characters long, feel distinct and unique to the plugin (do not use common words)
\f1\b0 , and be separated by an underscore or dash. \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf3 Please {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/plugin-basics/best-practices/#avoid-naming-collisions"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 check the official WordPress docs on avoiding name collisions}}.
\f1\i0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf3 \uc0\u55357 \u56589  Identify not prefixed names
\f1\b0 : Look for any name that is used in a place where it can create a collision. \

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat8 \clwWidth1556\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat8 \clwWidth12223\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f5\b\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 Type of element\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Affected elements\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth1556\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth12223\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b0 \cf4 Declarations\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Functions, classes, etc (if not under a namespace)\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth1556\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth12223\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Globals\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Global variables, namespaces, 
\f7 define()
\f4  .\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth1556\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth12223\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Data storage\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7 \cf4 update_option()
\f4  , 
\f7 set_transient()
\f4  , 
\f7 update_post_meta()
\f4  , etc.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth1556\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth12223\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 WordPress declarations\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7 \cf4 add_shortcode()
\f4  , 
\f7 register_post_type()
\f4  , 
\f7 add_menu_page()
\f4  , 
\f7 wp_register_script()
\f4  , 
\f7 wp_localize_script()
\f4  , 
\f7 add_action( 'wp_ajax_...' )
\f4  , etc.\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
If the defined name for that is not prefixed, that\'92s a potential issue! \uc0\u55357 \u56693 \u65039  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf3 \uc0\u55357 \u57056  Fix it
\f1\b0 : Always prefix those names, for example if your plugin is called "Poker Tournament Import" then you could use names like these: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 function poketoim_save_post()\{ ... \}\uc0\u8232 \
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 class POKETOIM_Admin \{ ... \}\uc0\u8232 \
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 update_option( 'poketoim_options', $options );\uc0\u8232 \
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 register_setting( 'poketoim_settings', 'poketoim_user_id', ... );\uc0\u8232 \
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 define( 'POKETOIM_PLUGIN_DIR', plugin_dir_path( __FILE__ ) );\uc0\u8232 \
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 global $poketoim_options;\uc0\u8232 \
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 add_action('wp_ajax_poketoim_save_data', ... );\uc0\u8232 \
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 namespace hanshard\\pokertournamentimport;\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs28 \cf3 \uc0\u55357 \u56628  Use wp_enqueue commands\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf3 \uc0\u8505 \u65039  Why it matters
\f1\b0 : Because of performance and compatibility, please make use of the built in functions for including static and dynamic JS and/or CSS. \
\

\f2\b \uc0\u55357 \u56589  Identify JS and CSS outputs
\f1\b0 : Look for any 
\f7 <script>
\f1  or 
\f7 <style>
\f1  HTML tags in your plugin. In the majority of cases you could enqueue them. \
\

\f2\b \uc0\u55357 \u57056  Fix it
\f1\b0 : Make use of the specific function for enqueue them: \

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat8 \clwWidth1706\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat8 \clwWidth10918\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f5\b\fs28 \cf4 \strokec4 Type of code\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Functions\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth1706\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth10918\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\b0 \cf4 Static JS\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7 \cf4 wp_register_script()
\f4  , 
\f7 wp_enqueue_script()
\f4  , 
\f7 admin_enqueue_scripts()
\f4  \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth1706\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth10918\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Inline JS\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7 \cf4 wp_add_inline_script()
\f4  \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth1706\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth10918\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Static CSS\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7 \cf4 wp_register_style()
\f4  , 
\f7 wp_enqueue_style()
\f4  \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth1706\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clcbpat5 \clwWidth10918\clftsWidth3 \clminw600 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw20\brdrcf6 \clpadt100 \clpadl300 \clpadb100 \clpadr300 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Inline CSS\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7 \cf4 wp_add_inline_style()
\f4  \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3 \
\uc0\u55357 \u56393  In the public pages you can enqueue them using the hook 
\f7 wp_enqueue_scripts()
\f1  .\
\uc0\u55357 \u56393  In the admin pages you can enqueue them using the hook 
\f7 admin_enqueue_scripts()
\f1  . You can also use 
\f7 admin_print_scripts()
\f1  and 
\f7 admin_print_styles()
\f1  .\
\uc0\u55357 \u56393  As of WordPress 6.3, you can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://make.wordpress.org/core/2023/07/14/registering-scripts-with-async-and-defer-attributes-in-wordpress-6-3/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 easily pass attributes like defer or async}}, as of WordPress 5.7, you can {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://make.wordpress.org/core/2021/02/23/introducing-script-attributes-related-functions-in-wordpress-5-7/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 pass other attributes by using functions and filters}}. \
\
Example:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7 \cf3 function poketoim_enqueue_script() \{\
    wp_enqueue_script( 'poketoim_js', plugins_url( 'inc/main.js', __FILE__ ), array(), POKETOIM_VERSION, true );\
\}\
add_action( 'wp_enqueue_scripts', 'poketoim_enqueue_script' );\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 Your JS/CSS is now 
\f2\b enqueued
\f1\b0 ! \
\
Possible cases from your plugin include: \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f7 \cf3 templates/archive-tournament.php:315 <style>\
admin/migration-tools.php:425 echo '<script type="text/javascript">setTimeout(function() \{\
admin/shortcode-helper.php:166 echo '<style>\
admin/class-data-mart-cleaner.php:987 <script>\
admin/class-admin.php:676 <script>\
includes/class-formula-validator.php:1985 <script>\
includes/class-formula-validator.php:2084 <script>\
admin/shortcode-help.php:68 <style>\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf3 ... out of a total of 31 incidences.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs36 \cf3 \uc0\u55357 \u56393  Your next steps\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
This is your checklist: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Are you the rightful owner of this plugin?\uc0\u8232 \
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Have you checked for common technical issues?\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
If there is something that needs to be fixed, please take your time, fix it and update your plugin files at the "{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://wordpress.org/plugins/developers/add/"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 Add your plugin}}" page, while being logged in with your account "hanshard".\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf3 Please be concise and do not list the changes done \'97 we will review the entire plugin again \'97 but do share any clarifications or important context you want us to know.
\f1\i0 \
\
If after checking the list and do the changes you feel that everything is right or need further clarification, please reply to this email and a volunteer will assist you. \
\
If you believe there is a requirement you cannot accomplish and choose not to make changes, your plugin submission will be rejected after three months. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs36 \cf3 Thanks!\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
By taking these steps, you're helping the Plugin Review Team work more efficiently \'97 meaning your plugin (along with the thousands of others in the queue) can be reviewed faster. \uc0\u55357 \u56960  We really appreciate your contribution! \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs36 \cf3 Disclaimers\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
If, at any time during the review process, you wish to change your permalink (aka the plugin slug) "poker-tournament-import", you 
\f2\b must explicitly and clearly tell us what you would like it to be
\f1\b0 . Just changing it in your code and in the display name is not sufficient. Remember, permalinks cannot be altered after approval. \
This email was partially auto-generated, so please be aware that some information might not be entirely accurate. No personal data was shared with the AI during this process. If you notice any obvious errors or something seems off, feel free to reply \'97 we\'92ll be happy to take a closer look and readjust this automation. \
\
REVIEW ID: AUTOPREREVIEW \uc0\u10071 OWN poker-tournament-import/hanshard/26Oct25/T1 26Oct25/3.7B\
\
\
--\
WordPress Plugins Team |\'a0plugins@wordpress.org\
https://make.wordpress.org/plugins/ \
https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/wordpress-org/detailed-plugin-guidelines/\
https://wordpress.org/plugins/plugin-check/ \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf5 \strokec5 \{#HS:3120187435-896615#\}
\fs24 \cf3 \strokec3    \
\
}